Friday changelog 01-26-2024 (#1367)
neondatabase/website: content/changelog/2024-01-26-console.md

---
description: Vercel integration updates, fixes & updates, and more
---

### New default Postgres version

The default version for newly created Neon projects is now Postgres 16. Neon continues to support Postgres 14 and 15.

> ### Vercel integration updates

Reviewer: @danieltprice I like how the previous header: "New default Postgres version" gives you the TL;DR right in the header, making the whole page more scannable.

Could we do the same for all these "big update" sections that we put at the top of each post? 

So in the case of this one, maybe:

```suggestion
### Configurable ENV vars for Vercel Integration
```

Author: Changed!

Author: We'll do this going forward

---

### New default Postgres version

The default version for newly created Neon projects is now Postgres 16. Neon continues to support Postgres 14 and 15.

### Vercel integration updates

- The environment variables set by the [Neon Vercel Integration](https://vercel.com/integrations/neon) when you add the integration to a Vercel project have changed. Previously, the integration set the following Postgres variables:

    - `DATABASE_URL`
    - `PGHOST`
    - `PGUSER`
    - `PGDATABASE`
    - `PGPASSWORD`

    The integration now sets **only** the `DATABASE_URL` variable by default, which includes all of the required details for connecting to your Neon database. 
    
    If you prefer to use the other Postgres variables with your application instead of `DATABASE_URL`, you can now configure the variables you want on the **Integrations** page in the Neon console. 
    
    ![Select Vercel variables](/docs/guides/vercel_select_variables.png)

    The variables you select are set in your Vercel project on your next `git push`. For details, see [Manage Vercel environment variables](/docs/guides/vercel#manage-vercel-environment-variables).

> - Branches created for preview deployments are now created from the primary branch of your Neon project. Previously, the integration created branches from the root branch of your Neon project, which is designated as your project's primary branch by default. Neon allows you to [change your primary branch](/docs/manage/branches#set-a-branch-as-primary). If you have an older version of the integration that creates branches from your root branch and you want branches created from your project's primary branch instead, reinstall the integration from the Vercel Marketplace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Preview deployment branches are now created from the primary branch of your Neon project. Previously, the integration created branches from the root branch of your Neon project, which is designated as your project's primary branch by default. Neon lets you [change your primary branch](/docs/manage/branches#set-a-branch-as-primary). If you have an older version of the integration and you want branches created from your project's primary branch instead of root, reinstall the integration from the Vercel Marketplace.
```

Author: Removed this item entirely. It's not available yet. I've noted the wording change for the next changelog.

- Fixed an issue that prevented the `DATABASE_URL` variable from being set on the first preview deployment after adding the integration to a Vercel project.

### Fixes & improvements

- The [List projects](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/listprojects) API method now returns only projects owned by the current user account. Previously, it also returned projects shared with the current user account. To list projects shared with the current user account, use the [List shared projects](https://api-docs.neon.tech/reference/listsharedprojects) API method instead.

> - Added a **Submit feedback** form to the cards on the **Integrations** page in the Neon Console, allowing users to share their experience with Neon integrations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added a **Submit feedback** form to the cards on the **Integrations** page in the Neon Console, letting users share their experience with Neon integrations.
```
